feat: Editorial review: Long animation frames API docs (#33039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancelonganimationframetiming/firstuieventtimestamp/index.md

---
title: "PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming: firstUIEventTimestamp property"
short-title: firstUIEventTimestamp
slug: Web/API/PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming/firstUIEventTimestamp
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming.firstUIEventTimestamp
---

{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Performance API")}}

> The **`firstUIEventTimestamp`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the time of the first UI event (for example mouse or keyboard), in milliseconds, to be queued during the current animation frame.

Author: OK, I've now ended up with:

> a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the time, in milliseconds, of the first UI event — such as a mouse or keyboard event — to be queued during the current animation frame.

> The **`firstUIEventTimestamp`** readonly property of the {{domxref("PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the time of the first UI event (for example mouse or keyboard) to be queued during the course of the current animation frame, in milliseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`firstUIEventTimestamp`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the time of the first UI event (for example mouse or keyboard) to be queued during the course of the current animation frame, in milliseconds.
```

## Value

A {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}}.

## Examples

See [Long animation frame timing](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API/Long_animation_frame_timing#examples) for examples related to the Long Animation Frames API.

## Specifications

{{Specifications}}

## Browser compatibility

{{Compat}}

## See also

> - [Long animation frame timing](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API/Long_animation_frame_timing)

Author: Again, do we really have to start doing this for every see also link? If we do decide this is standard practice, it would be much better to automate it (look at the page type and add a word after each see also link based on that)

> - [Long animation frame timing](/en-US/docs/Web/API/Performance_API/Long_animation_frame_timing)

Reviewer 2: That is a good idea for automation! But maybe not a priority..
I'll leave this as is for now if it makes API docs stay consistent
